[WIP] cmd: experiment (#1926)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/gc.md

  that is never referenced from the workspace or from any Git commit can still
  be stored in the project's cache).

> - `--all-experiments` same as `a`, `T`, or `--all-commits`, but applies to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--all-experiments` same as `a`, `T`, or `--all-commits`, but applies to all
```

> - `--all-experiments` same as `a`, `T`, or `--all-commits`, but applies to all

Reviewer: Should also be listed in the `-w` option (see line 57).

> - `--all-experiments` same as `a`, `T`, or `--all-commits`, but applies to all
>   [experiments](/doc/command-reference/exp). This keeps all the data used in all
>   local experiments (including intermediate checkpoints) in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--all-experiments` same as `a`, `T`, or `--all-commits`, but applies to all
  [experiments](/doc/command-reference/exp). This preserves the cache for all
  data used in every local experiment (including intermediate checkpoints).
```
